[Music]
what's up everybody it's your girl Kahlo
and I'm back with another video today
I'm doing something a little different
than what I normally do but um I just
wanted to let you guys know that um I
had a company reach out to me um called
cell phone outfitters and they were nice
enough to send me some cell phone cases
in order to get my opinion on their
products and how I liked it and to let
you guys know what I thought about it
and I honestly had these cases for a
couple of weeks now but I wanted to like
I wanted to test them out for myself and
see if I like them myself and if this
was something that I even wanted to put
on my channel to see if this is
something that I even was interested in
or anything
I even personally liked so I didn't want
to advertise something or sponsor
something or put something on my channel
that I wouldn't want or I wouldn't like
or I wouldn't personally care for so I
went ahead and I tried these things out
they sent me two phone cases they sent
me one like this and they said even like
this they're actually like they've
already been out of the packaging I just
put this one back in the package because
I've been using this one lately but um
so it's a company called cell phone
outfitters and I will go ahead and link
their website down below they were nice
enough to give me a promo code I'll also
give you that at the end of the video
case you guys would like to go and order
anything for yourself they'll give you a
little discount code and just saying
that you came from my channel and I
think it's a discount code but it's a
promo code so I would assume it's a
discount code so they might give you a
little discount there if you go and you
order a phone case off their website and
say that I sent you so they sent me this
kit phone case it's a nice little blue
aqua
blue looking phone case and it's like
one of those wallet cases so you open it
and there's like stuff like right here
where you can put all your like your ID
and your cards and stuff I use this I
just got back from Florida and I use
this in Florida the whole time not even
kidding
every time I went out just put my ID my
money and my phone in here so I have an
iPhone 7 plus so you just stick it in
here and there it is you know you see
all my crazy friends on the front but
the cool thing about this case actually
is this thing comes off so this is a
magnet which is super cool and it's
super convenient because if you don't
really feel like like I'm personally
like I can't text like this like this so
I like to take my phone out and I can
just you know text like this but it
works so much better and it just clings
right here it doesn't come off and then
you can just carry it like this the only
thing I will say that's a little not so
good about this case would be that this
magnet could be a little bit more
magnetized but it doesn't come off it
just kind of slides a little bit but
your phone my phone never fell out I
never had a problem with losing my car
it's nothing like that it's just a
little bit flimsy right there but that's
definitely something that you can deal
with especially not having to carry an
entire person which makes it so much
well worth it okay and then so they sent
me another case and literally girls if
you like selfies which I'm is a selfie
queen if you don't know this case is the
you know to be honest this is the best
case for you it's a selfie light
protective case so it's a I don't know
if you guys know but there's a company
that are part of the Kardashians and
their cases are like $60 so I'm not sure
how much this one is on the self and
Outfitters website but I'm sure it's not
gonna be $60 so it's the case looks just
like this sent me a gold one so cute and
then look it lights up in it like make
sure selfie
bomb let me tell you I mean absolutely
bomb you just stick your phone right in
here stick your phone right in here it
doesn't come out I mean it's awesome
like I use this also I was in Florida
and especially if you're at the bar or
something and you turn it on everyone
looks to chew everyone's like what in
the world are they doing over there like
because a lot of people don't have them
there I mean they're super helpful
they're super like they're really not
that common honestly but they are oh my
gosh amazing and you take the best
selfies honestly with it they also send
a little charger piece with it so all
you need is a little block or like wall
piece or whatever and you can charge the
case the case charges right here so you
just charge it up and then it gets even
brighter and it stays bright and
actually stayed bright I mean I was in
Florida for almost a week and it I
didn't have to recharge it at all so the
battery stays really good so I really
enjoyed these actually I enjoyed both of
them and they came perfect timing
because I went to Florida right after
they arrived so I got to use them both
out and I really enjoyed them both so I
highly recommend for you to get either
one of the two cuz they're both amazing
honestly and yes so go ahead and go on
self and Outfitters website and look and
soon as I have to have all kinds of
stuff I mean from anywhere from like
handbags I think cell phone cases
obviously like light cases they have
chargers they have a wall like block
chargers actually learn the portable
charger things I've seen those on their
website they have all kinds of stuff it
very very neat interesting stuff so go
ahead and go on their website and look
and see if you find anything you want
use my promo code my promo code is k
lutherie I'll put it right here for you
guys
Kayla's three go ahead and I'll put
their shortcuts to their link their
website down below so go ahead and check
them out and let me know if you guys
like them comment down below tell me if
you order anything or what
to order and here's pretty soon I think
I'm gonna do a giveaway with both of
these so if you have won a chance to win
both of these go ahead and subscribe to
my channel and I'll pick a winner and
you'll get a free phone case on me and
these two phone cases I'm telling you
right now are not cheap they are nice
nice nice nice phone cases so go ahead
and check them out and let me guys know
what you think um as always thank you
guys so much for watching I hope you
really enjoyed this video and I hope
this helps you and I hope that you find
a phone case that you like and you use
it because I'm telling you these things
are nice so um thank you guys for
watching as always make sure you like
subscribe comment down below and as
always turn on your post notifications
so you get notified every time you go
across the video and as always thank you
guys so much for watching
Paes
you